Horrible members and distressed, disquished guest. Thank you for inviting me to this T-Dex session at European Parliament. My topic is accent and identity. In a multilingual union that often uses English, the way we speak reveals our heritage and shapes how we are received. I will make three points. First accent should be celebrated as a part of our identity. Second, bias against accent has real consequences. And third, we can promote inclusive communication that value accent diversity. When adult learn English, it is a natural for trace of their mother tune to remain. The British Council notes that learners do not need perfect English accent to be able to communicate fluently. A distinctive accent can be even be an espreker and shows that someone has worked hard to master another language. The same article reminds us that there are thousands of accents among native speakers. And most English speakers worldwide are non-native, so-called standard. accent is in the minority, our first point, therefore, is that accents are an interesting part of who we are and should be worn with pride. Unfortunately, accent can trigger prejison. A horizon magazine report highlighted growing evidence that people with non-native accent are prospective as least educated or less trustworthy and may find it harder to find a job. Physicality, Dr. Alias Fokart's research founder found that listening to a foreign accent requires more cognitive effort, which can lead to negative judgment. In experiment with the Flamish listener, native speakers were rated as more intelligent and successful than foreign speakers, with over 250 million people living and working outside their home countries. Accent by pys affects hearing decision court processing and classroom interaction across Europe. Knowing that such a pys exist is the first step toward addressing it. On another word, how can we promote inclusion? Comedian Trevor Noah once said, an accent is not a measure of intelligence, an accent is just somebody speaking your language with the rules of theirs. This fairs remind us that accent reflects the rules of other languages, not a lake of ability, institutional, including the parliament, should acknowledge accent by pys and diversity policies and train staff to listen without prejudices, prejudices. Employees, employers and universities can run accent awareness workshops. Research shows that assembly hearing a variety of voice reduce pys by us. Educator should focus on clarity and intelligence rather than insisting on a natural accent, exposing student to range of speakers, Italians, Swedes, Nigerians or Indians, demonstrating there is no signal correct way to sound. Celebrating successful people who return their accent reinforce the messages. Lastly, each of us can practice patience when you hear an unfamiliar accent. My conclusion here, accent is an accent set at interaction of identity and perception, the enrich of our conversation. They enrich our conversation and tell our stories, yet they can also become grounds for unfair judgment by celebrating accent diversity, understanding the congiative reasons behind accent pys and adopting inclusive practice. We can turn the melody of our voices into a source of strength, let us commit to hearing the meaning behind accent and help build a more inclusive and linguistically rich Europe. Thank you.